changelog: mention that 4 MCUboot images can be write protected (#28512)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Developing with nRF54H Series
=============================

* Updated:

>    * MCUboot now supports MRAM write protection for up to four images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * MCUboot to support MRAM write protection for up to four images.
```

Author: Updated
